# pandas_challange

## Before You Begin

Create a new repository for this project called pandas-challenge. Do not add this assignment to an existing repository.

Clone the new repository to your computer.

Inside your local Git repository, create a folder for this assignment and name it PyCitySchools.

Add your Jupyter notebook to this folder. This will be the main script to run for analysis.

Push these changes to GitHub or GitLab.

# Process

Open Jupyter Notebook files from local directories using a development environment.

Read an external CSV file into a DataFrame.

Format a DataFrame column.

Determine data types of row values in a DataFrame.

Retrieve data from specific columns of a DataFrame.

Merge, filter, slice, and sort a DataFrame.

Apply the groupby() function to a DataFrame.

Use multiple methods to perform a function on a DataFrame.

Perform mathematical calculations on columns of a DataFrame or Series.

##Analysis

Based on the City School data, statistic data and tables, the analysis will be presented as following:

Refer to the Scores by School Spending table, schools that spend on their budget on each student less seem to have better performance than schools that spend more money on each student.

Math passing rates are always consistently lower across every metric.

Refer to the Scores by School Size, there is a significant difference of school's performance between schools that have less than 2,000 students and more than 2,000 students. The bigger size schools tend to have lower performance.

Refer to the Scores by School Type, Independent school tend to has better performance than Goverment school.



## References

Data generated by Mockaroo, LLCLinks to an external site., (2022). Realistic Data Generator. Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.
